Next on PIJN News,
Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
Today we're at the International Conference on Missions,
ICOM in Atlanta, Georgia,
where I will be interviewing
missionaries and mission-sending organizations
that promote the gospel of Jesus Christ,
especially in South Asia.
Former Navy Chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt,
took a stand to defend religious freedom
by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news,
discerning the spirits, and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt,
Dr. Chaps, and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits,
and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
In a few minutes, we will have interviews
that we took at the Atlanta Conference,
or International Conference on Mission.
We will interview Roy Knight with India Church of
Christ
and Roger Rosenberg of Capitol Hill Faith.
But first, the news.
A judge has declared that a mom should lose her
daughter
if the daughter attends church with the mom.
There's a custody battle in a particular case,
according to Life News, where a judge wants to cancel
a mother's parental rights,
simply because she is a Christian.
Specifically, the judge ruled that the custodial mother,
quote, "is a fit parent, except for the fact
"that she is a Christian," end quote.
This fight is between two people who, by the way,
never got married, but their daughter
is now nearly a teenager.
And the coming decision by the state of Maine
and their Supreme Court will determine
if a lower court judge in the state
can simply overturn the constitutional religious rights
of parents to raise their son or daughter
in the Christian faith.
Liberty Counsel has been fighting this.
Our friend Matt Staver has explained
that the judge's trial court ruling
in the dispute between mother and father
is well into the extreme range, or beyond extreme.
A custody war erupted when the father,
who did not have custody of the teenage daughter,
decided that he was opposed to the mother's conversion
to Christianity and didn't want his teenage daughter
going to church, specifically demanding
that the court must ban his daughter's attendance
at a particular church where the mother was attending.
But based on the counsel to the court
from a Marxist former sociality professor,
Christianity was harmful to the young teenager's
upbringing.
So the judge sided with the Marxist and ruled
that the daughter cannot associate
with any of her church friends
or be a member of Calvary Chapel, Portland, Maine.
Here's part of the ruling, quote,
"If Ava meets a new friend outside of Calvary
and that person begins attending Calvary,
Ava must also cut ties with that friend.
Ava, the daughter, cannot attend any Christmas,
Easter, or other Christian event or celebration
at any church, cannot attend any weddings or funerals
or even hospital visits with anyone
who is associated with Calvary Chapel.
Ava cannot have any contact or participation
with any religious organization,
can't even volunteer at the Salvation Army or food bank
or homeless shelter or crisis pregnancy center.
Ava cannot read the Bible or religious literature
with her mother or be exposed to any religious
philosophy."
End quote.
That demand from the non-custodial father
was enforced by the court upon the mother
who had custody of the teen all these years.
But even with that extremism,
the judge wasn't done with his anti-Christian agenda.
Matt Staver, who argued the little girl's case
before the state Supreme Court, gave the following
quote.
"The judge mocked Ava and Emily's faith
and purposefully refused to capitalize the word God."
Something I've never seen.
The judge even chastised Emily
for allowing the church pastor to pray for Ava.
The judge ruled that Emily, the mother,
could not take Ava, the daughter, to any church
unless Matt, the absentee father, approves.
And Matt, of course, has steadfastly refused
to approve any church for his daughter to attend.
End quote.
That's the news.
Our thanks to LifeSite News and Liberty Council
for that report.
You know, I'm really concerned, confused,
when it seems like the judge in this case
is banning Christianity and saying to you,
the Christian parents, if you happen to live in Maine,
you don't have a constitutional right
to take your own children to church.
Forget about the absentee father
who's dictating without custody from afar.
He has more important rights to ban your religion
in your own home or in your own practice
or in your own attendance of external meetings
outside of the home.
You can go to secular meetings,
but you can't take your daughter to church.
Not even a wedding?
Not even a Bible study in your own home?
Can't expose her to Christian literature.
This is state kidnapping.
And they're doing it in a subtle way.
The mother still has custody in the church,
but from a distance, the father who is atheist
and anti-Christ has kidnapped the ability of the mother
to be able to do what she is saying.
The Bible says this and condemns
that state-sponsored kidnapping in Exodus 21.
He who kidnaps a man and sells him
or if he's found in his hand,
shall surely be put to death.
The Bible also says, raise up a child
in the way she should go.
And when she is old, she should not depart from it.
So Emily, mother, we discern upon you the spirit of God,
you are standing up for your daughter, Ava.
And Ava, you continue to go to those Bible studies.
You continue to go to church with your friends.
Forget about what the court says,
forget about what the judge says.
This is gonna be overturned at the main Supreme Court.
We pray that in Jesus' name, let's pray.
Father in heaven, we pray for a victory
in the main Supreme Court
or even the United States Supreme Court
to set a precedent for parents
who wanna take their kids to church,
that parental rights will prevail,
that religious freedom will prevail,
and nobody, not a father, not a court,
not any human can forbid that which God commands.
And that is to love the Lord your God
with all your heart, soul, mind and strength.
God, we bless this young mother and daughter
and pray that they prevail
and have religious freedom to worship you.
In Jesus' name, amen.
We'll take a short break.
When we come back, we have interviews from ICOM.
Giving you a megaphone in Washington, DC.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
Do you need a physical or spiritual healing?
Are you being tested or tried?
When Jesus needed to pray,
he went to the Garden of Gethsemane.
Do you need to really connect with God?
If you're visiting Colorado Springs,
come see the Gateway Prayer Garden
just south of the city along Interstate 25.
Walk our prayer trails among the trees
by the beautiful Fountain Creek.
Stand at the foot of our large cross
and connect with Jesus.
Enter our life-size replica of the empty tomb
and spend time reading key Bible verses etched in stone
along our ground cross as big as a football field.
Join our worship gatherings and plan to attend
our annual Easter sunrise worship service.
We're located off I25 Exit 132A at 8035 Bandley Road,
just north of the KOA Camp Route.
Experience Jesus at GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
That's GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
Exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness.
Here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
I'm at the ICOM Conference in Atlanta, Georgia
with my new friend, Roy Knight, is from Chennai, India.
And you lead a ministry called Arise, Shine India.
Band of brothers.
And band of brothers, yes sir.
I like the shirt.
And why do you choose this name, Arise, Shine India?
The Arise, Shine is the main thing I choose
in that India is in darkness because of their religious.
They doesn't know Jesus Christ.
And Jesus is the light of the world.
Isaiah chapter 60 verse one,
when I was baptized, when I was 15 years old,
I realized that the India need light.
So I Arise, Shine.
So as a preacher, I named it Arise, Shine Ministries,
India Ministries, that's what we choose this name.
I like that.
And I think that is a quote from the Psalms
or from Isaiah.
Isaiah chapter 60 verse one.
Oh, Isaiah 60, I remember that.
There's a beautiful song that I used to learn.
♪ Arise, shine, for thy light is come ♪
♪ And the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee ♪
So what do you do in Chennai, India?
We preach the gospel, the great commission
as according to Matthew chapter 28 verse 18, 19, 20.
That is my vision.
That's what dedicated my life to go and preach gospel
and be preaching gospel since 1960s.
I'm the fifth generation Christian.
My great grandfather was a Hindu man.
Then he believed Jesus Christ, he was thrown out.
That's what he became an abundant homeless man,
but he never give up Jesus Christ.
And he teach to his children and children
to the fifth generation.
And I learned the story about preaching the gospel
that preach.
So we preach Jesus Christ in the rural village
where the church is not exist and teach them the gospel,
make them disciples.
And also when people believe in Jesus Christ,
they are persecuted, became an untouchables.
So Matthew chapter 25 verse 35, 36 talks about,
I was hungry, you gave me food.
I was thirsty, you gave me water.
I was stranger, you took me in.
I was naked, you clocked me.
I was sick, you came to me.
I was in prison, you visited me.
That's the work we do.
And we have evangelized 109 villages so far.
And also 109 pastors are serving
in different rural village where there is no even
proper water, electricity and the life.
So that's what we do.
In what state is Chennai?
Tamil Nadu.
And they have special language there?
We speak Tamil.
Yeah, it is interesting.
I have been there and I remember in the marketplace
where people are buying and selling
the fruits and vegetables.
There are Christian evangelists who go there and sing
songs.
Yes.
Always we do that, say, in every rural area,
even villages in the markets in Chennai.
I was persecuted when I was preaching the gospel,
but it always happened.
You were showing something on your arm.
Yes.
Why is this scar here?
I see one, two, three, you were cut.
It is because going and preaching the gospel.
And they broke my fifth carpal bone
because I baptized people.
Look at this, look at the size of his hand
and you can see where the bone is not even healed.
It is like jagged.
And my dad is one of the pastor,
he was preaching the gospel in center of Chennai city.
When he was sick, he went to a doctor
and they know that he's a preacher.
One of the doctors saw that he's preaching in the
street
and he just neglected him, not given attention for his
sick.
And he was killed in the hospital because he's a
Christian.
He's a preacher, he's a pastor.
So we never give up.
My dad teach me, do not fear not which kill the body,
fear the Lord who can kill the body and soul in hell.
So that's what every man, every pastor
so working with us as a practice in different villages.
We learned that we'll never give up.
We preach gospel even we face persecution.
I'm observing after my six times I have traveled to
India,
that there is still a caste system.
Yes.
It's not legal like it used to be the law,
but still they have the high caste of Brahmins,
the low caste of untouchables.
And then below that are the Christians.
Yes.
It was like a sixth group.
If you convert out of Hinduism and become a Christian,
your family rejects you, the government rejects you.
They take away your benefits.
Everything.
And your healthcare and they persecute you.
Yes.
Your friends have suffered.
All of our church members in 109 villages suffering the
same
even my life, my family being suffered.
I like to let you know about the first, the caste
system.
It was divided by four.
The first caste is always priesthood, education.
You can see a doctors in America, engineers,
who are the high caste who have a privilege
to go to college and study and get a job all over the
world.
The second is kind of the police officers, soldiers.
They can be on the second caste.
The third one is the landlord and merchandise.
They occupy all the land.
They have all the grains and merchandise to sell.
And the fourth caste is Dalit, the commoners,
who is a Latin cleaners, who are street cleaners
and they're home cleaners, they're drivers.
And these forecast still Hinduism.
But when we go and preach the gospel,
anyone believe Jesus Christ from this caste,
they are treated.
They're just thrown out of the system as an untouchables.
And they have, they became beggars.
They became homeless.
Their privilege has been taken even their degrees,
even their families send them out
and they became homeless and poor.
But that's what happening.
That's what the Arashine India,
the mission came to support the persecuted Christians.
And how do you support them practically?
If somebody gives money to your ministry somehow,
it will be spent to do what?
- It will be spent to support the pastor
in the local village.
He needs not too much because he doesn't have
air conditioned houses.
He doesn't have a car.
He doesn't have nothing to do with that.
He put that money in a best way to care for his people
in the church, feeding them, giving the water to them,
building a water well and clothing
and giving them medicines and also give them
self-supporting project like solving mission for the
ladies
and cows for milking project to the men's in the
villages.
So each funds will be supported for the benefit
of preaching the gospel and to support
the persecuted Christians in India.
- And you do this because Jesus said in Matthew 25,
you were teaching me what?
- Yes, Matthew chapter 25, 35, 36, he's telling.
If you see in 34, he talks about blessed of my father.
He need the kingdom of God because it is prepared
from the beginning of the world and he tells on the
right
hand side, come blessed of my father.
And he talks about from the 35, I was hunger.
You gave me food.
I was thirsty.
You gave me water.
I was stranger.
You took me in.
I was naked.
You clocked me.
I was sick.
I was in prison.
You came and visited me.
And this was the mission because in action, you know,
that's what we do that.
- There is a website I want to send people to.
- It's a QR code.
- Oh, there's a QR code.
We will try to put this on the screen.
What is the website?
- Website is indiacurchofchrist.org.
- Indiacurchofchrist.org.
And we will try to put this QR code full screen.
So you can click it from home on your smartphone
and please give a small donation today.
Roy Knight, I want to honor you in Jesus name.
- Amen.
Thank you for, thank you brother.
- Okay.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We'll be right back.
- This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
- They told me don't give away the store, Dr. Chaps.
No, I'm giving away the store.
Today we're going to show you how to get $500 worth
of our teaching videos normally sold on DVD for $500,
instead just $10 a month online.
We have a new feature on our website,
PrayInJesusName.org called the Persuaders Club.
It's based on 2 Corinthians 5,
knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade
men.
You can join the Persuaders Club today
at three different levels.
For four bucks a month, as a regular sponsor,
you get secret back end news access
to the videos that are too hot for YouTube.
For $10 a month or $9.99,
we're gonna give you all of our teaching series,
The Discerning of Spirits, The Coming Apocalypse.
10 different teaching series normally sells for $500,
just $10 a month when you join at the premium level.
Or for a one-time donation of $1,000,
you can have a lifetime access.
Join the Persuaders Club today.
Visit PrayInJesusName.org.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with
Israel.
They are under such attack
with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews,
but here is the Bible territory
that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993 in the Oslo Accords, Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel and it's their
land.
Let's sign that petition.
PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, PrayInJesusName.org.
Sign it today.
I'm Dr. Chaps and I have bad news and good news today.
The bad news is we just ran out
of the Joe Biden commemorative prayer coins.
But the good news is we just got a fresh shipment
of Donald Trump commemorative prayer coins.
Remembering to pray for our 47th president.
It has Donald Trump on the front.
It says, "In God we trust."
And on the back is the presidential seal.
You can get this for a suggested donation
to support our ministry today of $47.
When you call right now, supplies are limited.
So call 800-Obey-God and press option one.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Or for 67, just $20 more, we'll add the book
and the DVD on Effective Christian Activist.
You can also look at our bookstore
when you visit PrayInJesusName.org.
Click on bookstore, get your supplies right now.
We're running out.
Defending your religious freedom.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
We're at the ICOM conference in Atlanta, Georgia
with my new friend Abhijit Lal is from Madhya Pradesh,
which is in central India.
And he is leading, helping to lead with his family,
the Central India Christian Mission.
Central India Christian Mission.
Welcome to the program Abhijit, how are you, sir?
Thank you, thank you so much.
I'm doing okay.
Thank you for having me on it.
So you're from India.
Yes, sir.
But you were here in America at the ICOM, why?
Here at the ICOM, my mom and dad,
even my grandparents have been coming
since a long, long time.
Ever since I was a child, I remember coming here,
reconnecting with friends, making new friends,
making connections with churches.
There's a lot of supporting churches
that support our organization that come here.
So we're able to give them updates
of what God is doing over there.
And what is your organization doing over there?
Yes, sir.
So we have been able to plant 5,600 churches in India,
Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, and Sri Lanka.
We've been able to start 60,000 house churches.
And on a given Sunday, there's 1.7 million people
who worship our resurrected savior on a given Sunday.
We've been able to rescue 82,000 children
from the bondage of slavery.
500 of those kids are full-time pastors now.
In our Bible colleges, we've been able to train
over 28,000 young men who are on fire,
who are bringing the gospel to the dark places of India.
So God has been good, God has been faithful.
And it is like giving the five loaves of bread
and two fish in Jesus's hand, sitting back
and watching what only Jesus could do.
Now, India is a traditionally Hindu nation.
Yes, sir.
And the Christians are still in the minority there.
The government says, oh, maybe less than 3% are
Christian.
But in my travels, I have learned it is more.
Yes, it is correct.
What do you think is the percentage
that are now becoming Christian?
So like you said, the government and the news
will tell you that it's less than 3% people
who are Bible-believing Christians.
But Evangelical Fellowship of India has done a survey.
In the last 10 years, the percentage has gone up to 8%.
So God is on the move, God is working over there.
There's a revival happening.
Absolutely, absolutely.
And among the young people, how old are you?
36.
36, he is so young.
No, no, no.
But your parents and your grandparents started this
mission.
My parents started this mission.
And my grandparents were also missionaries,
but this particular mission, my parents have started.
And you know, what is happening in India right now,
it is like the book of Acts coming to life.
There is a lot of persecution against Christians,
lot of persecution against any minority, even Muslims.
Modi, the prime minister,
is the worst prime minister we've had
in the history of India.
Oh no.
And he's wanting to make the entire nation of India
a Hindu nation.
But even in the midst of all of that,
even though they've thrown hundreds and thousands
of pastors in prison, they've burned down churches,
they've put pastors in prison and assassinated
over 30 pastors saying that they were trying
to escape prison.
But God is working in a mighty way.
We are seeing record number of church attendance,
record number of church plants, record number of baptisms.
The church is on fire in India,
and it is only God is taking what Satan is intending
for evil, and he's making it into so much good.
That is like the book of Acts.
I mean, when Peter and John, they were in prison,
and like the gates opened, and they were able to escape
with their lives, but other places, they are,
like you said, people are being beaten or jailed
or killed for Jesus Christ, and for the word
of their testimony, that they are the martyrs
that are spoken of in the book of Revelation.
And you have met these people, you have served among
them.
Have any of your friends been put in jail?
Many of them, sir, and it is an honor for me now
to be stateside.
Last year, we were in India.
There was a assassination attempt on my father.
God saved us from there.
God saved my life, spared my life, my family's life,
and now that we're here, we wanna represent Jesus.
We wanna represent our brothers in Christ in India,
and really watch this movement grow.
I've heard testimonies of pastors who've been in prison
many times, every single time they come out,
they have 10 times the fire and the passion
and they're preaching the gospel on the streets.
There's no stopping them.
And they can burn the church buildings,
they can put the pastors in prison,
but this is the work and movement of God, Jesus,
and the Holy Spirit, and it cannot stop.
Amen.
I understand the problem.
I've been to India myself six times,
but you're also reaching in the other countries.
You mentioned Nepal, where I just spent a month.
And also, did you say Bangladesh?
Yes, sir.
I'm going there in January.
That is great.
So I'm so excited to see my friends are working
hand in hand, Americans and Indians together
to reach the nations for Jesus Christ and the gospel.
Abhijit, I want you to promote maybe your website,
and what can Americans do to support you?
Absolutely, so our website is indiamission.org,
indiamission.org.
Please pray for us.
You can contact us, support us,
get to know more about the ministry,
get to know how we can be involved
in this movement together,
because you and I are different, completely different.
We look different, we talk differently,
but we are part of one body, and this movement is of
Jesus,
and we would love to connect with all of you.
Would you mind to say a prayer
or a blessing for our audience?
Yes, absolutely, I would love to pray.
Please.
Yes, let's pray.
Father God in heaven, we come to you
and thank you for all the blessings.
Thank you so much that even though we look different,
we sound different, but we are all one in Jesus.
Father, I pray that you continue to help this movement.
You've called us to the great commission.
Whether we are in America or anywhere in the world,
we're supposed to represent you in a very powerful way,
and I pray that your movement would continue,
that we would be on fire for you,
that we would reach out to people,
that we would make disciples,
and we would continue to spread your light.
Jesus, our goal is to make you famous
and make heaven crowded,
and I pray on this side of eternity,
we can do that every single day.
Thank you so much for all the blessings,
and thank you above all for Jesus.
It's in his wonderful, powerful,
and resurrected name I pray, amen.
In Jesus' name, amen.
This is Abhijit Lal.
His website is indiamission.org.
Did I say that right?
Yes, sir.
indiamission.org.
Don't give to us today.
We want you to donate financially to indiamission.org.
They have 5,600 churches and 1.7 million believers
in all of the countries that he has mentioned.
They are rescuing children, they are training pastors.
indiamission.org.
Please give your best gift to them today,
and we're out of time.
But if you need prayer, call us toll free at 800-Obey-God.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the
air.
Would you please send your best financial donation
today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online
or you can mail a check to Pray In Jesus Name Ministries.
Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now, 800-Obey-God.
That's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.